# About Me

----
## Contact Info
>Phone: 717.475.5760

>Email: kmsoldner@gmail.com

>Address: 3830 Lancaster Ave. Apt. 1F, Philadelphila, PA 19104

----
## Background Info

I'm Karly Soldner. I was born in Fairfax, Virginia, but grew up in Ephrata, Pennsylvania. I attend Drexel University where I study Environmental Science, Biology, and Interactive Digital Media. I am a member of the honors college, pep band, and I take photos for the newspaper. 

While at Drexel I was fortunate to have many unique work experiences. I interned at the Academy of Natural Sciences working as a curatorial assistant in the vertebrate zoology department. While I did that I also worked as a communication coordinator at Greentreks Network, an environmentally and community focused nonprofit. My next job sent me to Osnsbrück, Germany where I worked in the Botany and Landscape Architecture department of Hochschule Osnabrück, a science-oriented university. After returning to the US I worked at Philadelphia Water in the Environmental Monitoring and Research Unit in the Office of Watersheds. 

In my spare time I like to read, play instruments, and explore Philadelphia.  In the summer months I like hiking, camping, and kayaking. I am also an avid traveler, and I have visited 6 countries. 

----
## Resume

Karly Soldner
============

------------------- 
3830 Lancaster Avenue, Apt. 1F
Philadelphia, PA 19104 
717.475.5760
kms487@drexel.edu
-------------------

Education
---------

2012-2017 (expected)
:   **BS, Environmental Science**; Drexel University (Philadelphia, PA)

    *Minors: Biology and Interactive Digital Media

Honors and Awards
--------
1. Drexel University Pennoni Honors College, 2012 - Present
2. Drexel University Dean's Scholarship, 2012 - Present

Skills
---
1. Technological: Microsoft Office, ArcGIS, Adobe Lightroom and Photoshop
2. Scientific: aseptic bacterial media preparation and streaking, electrofishing, algal/invertebrate field sampling, gel electrophoresis
3. Other: conversational German

Experience
----------

**Environmental Monitoring and Research Assistant at Philadelphia Water**

April to September 2016

1. Processed and analyzed data to assess health of Philadelphia’s rivers and streams
2. Created Arduino-based sensor network to monitor green stormwater infrastructure sites
2. Produced and managed web and social media content for a STEM education partnership site

**Botany and Landscape Architecture Research Assistant at Hochschule Osnabrück**

April to September 2015

1. Created and conducted a project assessing seed dispersal limitation of native dry grassland species  in urban brownfields
2. Assisted with other projects relating to field margin ecology, urban grassland succession, community gardening organization, and roof greening

**Communications  Coordinator at GreenTreks Network**

April to September 2014

1. Managed and updated project websites: StormwaterPA.org and EcoExpress.org 
2. Coordinated social media promotion with other local environmental organizations
3. Wrote and published stormwater and environmental education newsletters for subscribers

**Curatorial Assistant of Vertebrate Zoology at the Academy of Natural Sciences**

April to September 2014

1. Prepared specimens for identification and cataloging
2. Organized and cataloged specimens in paleontology, mammalogy, and herpetology collections
3. Created and managed databases for collections 

